[Autogenerated] in the final demo for this module.
We're going to implement the provider side of our contract.
First, we're going to switch back to to provide a project.
Then we're going to generate our contract verification
tests using the spring cloud contract.
Verify a plug him.
We're then going to create a base class,
which is test will depend on in order to be able to execute.
And we'll fix a fading tests by creating a spring controller.
This will finish to consumer driven contract testing technique using spring
cloud contracts in both the consumer and the provider.
Back in our provider project,
we can carry on where we left off running a May been install.
But this time, without skipping the tests,
we can see that we have a failure this time with a test called
Validate Should Run a credit score of heights or citizen.
This is the name of our contract prefixed with the word Falla date.
As the name implies,
this is a test that has been generated by spring cloud
contract verifier in order to make sure our provider meets
expectations off the contract.
What we need to do now is make that test pass First of all,
let's navigates a target directory who find a source code for our failing test
sprinklered contracts puts all these generated tests in the contracts directory
on the generated test sources from opening it up.
We can immediately see day more or less mirrors our contracts.
We have a request to the credit scores M point,
as we have to clad on a response assertion,
asserting the response that we declared the test is
a rest assured Mark NBC test, which is the default.
Rest assured,
Mark NBC runs against the mock Web environment and provides an expressive
DSL for building requests and asserting our responses.
Here we can see how simple and fluent is to build a request.
Chaining together had embody calls.
The test generation coz also does some more heavy list thing.
For example, it's figured out that because we're returning Jason,
that it should assert the value of a Jason Field
instead of performing of planes.
Hats comparison.
Okay, so the test is pretty much room for us Shorter.
Some scaffolding code to set up mark every C.
The question is,
why do we put this scaffolding coz we can't write it directly
in the test as it's generated for us and would end up being
overridden on a subsequent build.
The solution to this problem is to create a base class.
So all are generated.
Contract tests will inherit from Let's create Well,
we'll call it based contract test on bitter alongside our test classes.
Let's leave it empty for now on first try and make it so I
generated contract verification tests inherit from it.
To do this, we can switch to our maven palm and then add to configuration tyke.
Within this,
we need to provide a base class for test tyke and then provide it
with the full class path to our base contract test.
Now we can run install again and then we can take a
look are generated test again.
This time we can see there now inherits from our base class.
So now this is all set up.
We can switch back to our base class and start editing
it in order to make our test pass.
First of all will create a before method.
They get run at the start of all our tests,
Then we can call Mark M v C standalone,
set up and this method can take a single controller,
is an argument and then sets up a mock weapon.
Vier Mint.
Based on that controller,
all the tests in our base class would then fire against that controller,
as our comptroller does not yet exist, will call it credit check controller,
and then we'll use alternate enter to generate it.
We can then add the rest control annotation in order for it to
be able to start receiving hate TTP requests.
And then we can add a post mapping for our credit scores on
point and give it a method to be called.
When that request states place,
the method will receive two classes which don't exist at,
so we'll just write them out for now and then generate from later.
It will also have a service field.
The service will be what performs any logic,
leaving the controller of Finn resource layer that
purely responsible for Hayes TTP.
We can now all turn enter to create our credit share
class at a field citizen number on, then generate getters and setters,
and then we can go back and generate our credit shirt response class,
creating a score field on again, generating any necessary getters and setters,
we can now implement our controller method.
What we'll do is just allocate a logic to the service,
making it take a citizen number and return a credit shot response.
The implementation off it can do nothing for now on just return.
No.
So everything compiles.
Now we can go back to our test and fix a compilation era with Far
Controller by now passing in the service robin in passing in a
real service so we can pass in a mark.
Instance, using mosquito.
This means we don't actually have to implement it on can focus instead on
telling it to do specifically what we need for our test to pass.
In this case,
that will be getting it to return a credit score of high when a
citizen number off 1234 is passed into it,
and now we get to G O.
Let's re without test and see what happens.
Remember, even though our test is generated for us,
there's nothing stopping us from running it directly from the I D.
A.
If we want to.
Unfortunately,
we still have a test failure last lickety output and see why it looks
like no is somehow being returned from our controller.
But the question is why navigating bats?
The implementation?
It's actually pretty Orpheus.
Yeah, again, we forgot to add the request body annotation,
meaning that the method argument is not created
from the request body in our test.
Let's at the missing annotation and then run the tests again.
Great.
This time it's past meaning now are provider is
complained with the contract that we defined.
Now we can run the full install task and see what the results of that are.
We still have a single failure.
Only this time it's not really an issue.
The failing test is a default spring beauty test that was generated for
us when we created our protests is trying to create our controller and
con as there's no credit check service being,
if we add at component annotation to it that it would be
wired into the controller on that Tash, you no longer fail.
Let's run again and say Fantastic.
Now the whole build is passing.
It's important to note that we've deliberately not sliced
through the whole stack in our contract test on have
instead Mach two service layer.
That's because the contract test don't care about the
internal behaviour of the provider,
as that's what the provide is functional tested for the
contractors only care about verifying into service communication will function as expected.